Document Worker Configuration (#66)
oakestra/documentation: content/docs/manuals/worker-configuration.md

### Commands supported by both components

| Command    | Description                                                    |
|------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `help`     | Displays an overview of the service and the available commands |
| `version`  | Prints the current version                                     |
| `status`   | Shows the systemd service status                               |
| `logs`     | Tails the service logs                                         |

### Configuring the NetManager

You can configure the NetManager by editing `/etc/netmanager/netcfg.json`:

| Property          | Description                                                                                                        |
|-------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | NodePublicAddress | The IP address by which the worker node can be reached                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| NodePublicAddress | The IP address by which the worker node can be reached. With default value 0.0.0.0 the worker infers the address from the default interface|
```

| NodePublicPort    | The port by which the worker node can be reached (default 50103)                                                   |

> | ClusterUrl        | The URL/address by which the cluster can be reached                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ClusterUrl        | The URL/address by which the cluster can be reached. With the default value 0.0.0.0 the Cluster URL will be inherited from the NodeEngine component.                                       |
```

The NodeEngine regularly collects system information and sends it to the cluster manager. It is also responsible for handling deployment commands.
Only the NodeEngine is required to register a worker with a cluster, however the NetManager is required for service-to-service communication through the overlay network.

### Useful References

{{< card-grid >}}
{{< link-card
  title="Set up a Worker"
  description="Connect your first worker to an Oakestra cluster"
  href="../../getting-started/oak-environment/add-edge-devices-workers-to-your-setup/"
  target="_blank"
>}}
{{< link-card
  title="Worker Architecture"
  description="Explore the components of an Oakestra worker"
  href="../../concepts/high-level-architecture/#worker-node"
  target="_blank"
>}}
{{< link-card
  title="Overlay Network"
  description="Learn more on the overlay network"
  href="../networking-internals/overlay-network"
  target="_blank"
>}}
{{< /card-grid >}}

## Installation

You can install the latest bundled NodeEngine and NetManager with

```bash
curl -sfL oakestra.io/install-worker.sh | sh - 
```

{{< callout context="note" title="Specify the Version" icon="outline/info-circle" >}}

> You can specify which version should be installed from the [list](https://github.com/oakestra/oakestra-net/releases) by first setting

Reviewer 2: personal recommendation to make it more snappy:
```suggestion
You can specify which [version](https://github.com/oakestra/oakestra-net/releases) to install by setting
```
And I would put it directly under the "Installation" subheader, thus you can avoid the 'by first setting' and 'and then re-running the above command'

```bash
export OAKESTRA_VERSION=<release version>
```

and then re-running the above install command.
{{< /callout >}}

## Configuration

> The NodeEngine and NetManager are implemented as systemd services. While it is possible to run the former without the latter, this configuration is impractical for most applications, therefore the NodeEngine service internally calls on the NetManager service. The NetManager cannot be run without the NodeEngine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The NodeEngine and NetManager are implemented as systemd services. The NodeEngine service internally calls the NetManager service. The NetManager cannot be run without the NodeEngine.
```

Personal recommendation: Remove the 'what not to do' sentence and focus on the 'how to do it right' (IMO: otherwise this confuses the reader more that it helps to avoid mistakes)

### Commands supported by both components

| Command    | Description                                                    |
|------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `help`     | Displays an overview of the service and the available commands |
| `version`  | Prints the current version                                     |
| `status`   | Shows the systemd service status                               |
| `logs`     | Tails the service logs                                         |

{{< callout context="note" title="Elevated Privileges" icon="outline/info-circle" >}}

> The NodeEngine and NetManager require elevated privileges for many operations. Therefore it is often necessary to execute commands as the root user with `sudo`.

Reviewer 2: Personal recommendation: more concise
```suggestion
The NodeEngine and NetManager commands require elevated privileges.
```
You can remove the call-out header to make this one line

{{< /callout >}}

### Configuring the NetManager

> You can configure the NetManager by editing the file at `/etc/netmanager/netcfg.json`. Here you can configure the following properties:

Reviewer 2: Personal recommendation:
```suggestion
You can configure the NetManager by editing `/etc/netmanager/netcfg.json`.
```

| Property          | Description                                                                                                        |
|-------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | NodePublicAddress | The address by which the worker node can be reached                                                                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| NodePublicAddress | The IP address by which the worker node can be reached                                                                |
```
(I am not sure it an URL is possible here?)

| NodePublicPort    | The port by which the worker node can be reached (default 50103)                                                   |
| ClusterUrl        | The URL/address by which the cluster can be reached                                                                |
| ClusterMqttPort   | The port by which the cluster MQTT broker can be reached (default 10000)                                           |
| DefaultInterface  | Should the system have multiple default interfaces (e.g. `eth0` and `wlan0`) the appropriate one must be specified |
| Debug             | Toggles more verbose logging                                                                                       |
| MqttCert          | The path to the certificate file to facilitate [MQTTS](../networking-internals/mqtt-authentication)                |
| MqttKey           | The path to the key file to facilitate [MQTTS](../networking-internals/mqtt-authentication)                        |

### Running the NodeEngine

> Once the worker components have been installed the NodeEngine can be run with `sudo NodeEngine`. This will start the NodeEngine service per the default configuration.

Reviewer 2: Frankly speaking, I would avoid duplicating any information that was already mentioned here https://www.oakestra.io/docs/getting-started/oak-environment/add-edge-devices-workers-to-your-setup/#add-a-worker-node-to-your-cluster

Instead you can easily create a callout informing readers that to first get familiar with the basics.
Similar to what I did with the CLI https://www.oakestra.io/docs/manuals/cli/cli-overview/

When running it for the first time, or changing the cluster the worker is being connected to, use:

```bash
sudo NodeEngine -a <Address of Cluster>
```

{{< callout context="note" title="Detach the NodeEngine" icon="outline/info-circle" >}}
To run the NodeEngine in the background use the `-d` flag.
{{< /callout >}}

### Configuring the NodeEngine

The NodeEngine is configured interactively with `NodeEngine config [command]`, the following config commands are available:

#### addon

Enables or disables [addons](../../concepts/oakestra-extensions/addons/).

| Command       | Options    | Description                                                                                                        |
|---------------|------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `FLOps`       |`[on/off]`  | Enables the [FLOps](../../concepts/flops/overview) addon                                                           |

> | `imageBuilder`|`[on/off]`  | Enables the imageBuilder addon                                                                                     |

Reviewer 2: This is a universal "addon" that allows running higher priviledged containers.
If you like you can give this example where this addon is used: https://www.oakestra.io/docs/concepts/flops/internals/image-building-process/

Reviewer 2: I am well aware of that and I do not expect you to do so 😅
I think it is fine.
